#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --resolver=backtracking dev_requirements.in
#
aiofiles==22.1.0
    # via ypy-websocket
aiosqlite==0.19.0
    # via ypy-websocket
anyio==3.6.2
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
    #   httpcore
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via jsonschema
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
black==23.3.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   httpx
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   rich
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via rich
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.95.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
fastapi-debug-toolbar==0.3.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.16.3
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore @ git+https://github.com/fsecada01/httpcore.git
    # via
    #   -r dev_requirements.in
    #   httpx
httpx[cli]==0.22.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
ipykernel==6.23.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipython==8.13.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.12.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.11
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.3
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==8.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==5.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
jupyter-server==2.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-fileid
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-fileid==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server-ydoc==0.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-ydoc==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-ydoc
    #   jupyterlab
jupyterlab==3.6.3
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.22.1
    # via jupyterlab
libsass==0.22.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==2.0.5
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.11.1
    # via black
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
platformdirs==3.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.7
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyinstrument==4.4.0
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.10
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
requests==2.30.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==10.16.2
    # via httpx
ruff==0.0.265
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
starlette==0.26.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
tornado==6.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
uri-template==1.2.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.0.2
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.3.4
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
y-py==0.5.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-ydoc
    #   ypy-websocket
ypy-websocket==0.8.2
    # via jupyter-server-ydoc
