#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile dev_requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black==24.2.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   black
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   click
    #   ipython
comm==0.2.1
    # via ipykernel
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.110.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
fastapi-debug-toolbar==0.6.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   -r dev_requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.22.2
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
json5==0.9.22
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.13.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.4
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.4
    # via jupyterlab
libsass==0.23.0
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   black
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.2
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-debug-toolbar
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.6.0
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
pydantic-settings==2.2.1
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyinstrument==4.6.2
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
pyperclip==1.8.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via pydantic-settings
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.13
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruff==0.3.2
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via fastapi-debug-toolbar
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.36.3
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240311
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -c core_requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via -r dev_requirements.in
